[Public images] Minor clarifications and stylistic changes to libvrt how-to guide (#273)
canonical/ubuntu-cloud-docs: public-images/public-images-how-to/launch-with-libvirt.rst

Once launched, you can interact with the newly created VM with ``virsh``, the ``virt-manager`` graphical application, or any other libvirt application.

To attach to the console, use:

.. code:: bash

   virsh console ubuntu-vm-name

Once attached, you can detach from the console by pressing ``Ctrl-]``

To shutdown the VM, use:

.. code:: bash

   virsh shutdown ubuntu-vm-name

To remove the VM and its disk image, use:

.. code:: bash

   virsh undefine --domain ubuntu-vm-name --remove-all-storage

Alternatively use ``uvtool-libvirt``
------------------------------------

An alternate simpler way of finding, downloading and launching images is through the use of uvtool. uvtool can look at published cloud images using *simplestreams*, then retrieve and launch VM images through libvirt. To find and download an image, use:

.. code:: bash

   uvt-simplestreams-libvirt sync --source STREAM_URL FILTERS

Some common options for ``STREAM_URL`` are:

* releases: https://cloud-images.ubuntu.com/releases/
* daily: https://cloud-images.ubuntu.com/daily/
* minimal releases: https://cloud-images.ubuntu.com/minimal/releases/
* minimal daily: https://cloud-images.ubuntu.com/minimal/daily/

> ``FILTERS`` are a combination of image attributes. Some common attributes (fields of cloud images simplestreams) are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``FILTERS`` are combinations of image attributes. Some common attributes (fields of cloud images simplestreams) are:
```
